Delta updates now enabled by default for hostOS > 2.47.1 (#16)
balena-io/balena-fleet-management-masterclass: README.md

* Use frozen images and fixed dependencies to ensure there are no unexpected updates.
* Minimize the size of your releases through the use of [multistage builds](https://github.com/balena-io/services-masterclass#6-multi-stage-builds) and the minimal `run` variants of the [balena base images](https://www.balena.io/docs/reference/base-images/base-images/).
* Use a release policy to safely roll out new application deployments through the use of release pinning.
* Enable [delta updates](https://www.balena.io/docs/learn/deploy/delta/) to reduce bandwidth and storage space required on the device. Note that delta updates are now enabled by default for any devices running balenaOS >= 2.47.1.

> * Use an ESR version of the hostOS if available.

Reviewer: iirc most other instances of this term are spaced, but up to you.

```suggestion
* Use an ESR version of the host OS if available.
```
